Mr. Fan
This is the information of various departments of the company for half a year
I brought it to you. Okay.
Just put it here. Wow.
You are so tall
Thicker than my head
Your skin is so good, right?
What makeup do you usually use?
Mr. Fan
Why didn't I find out earlier that you are still good?
It's a shame you work here.
You are in such a good shape.
I used to envy those who were models
But I never had a chance
Look at you
So tall and so fit
The waist is so thin
Well, Mr. Fan
Am I beautiful?
Am I more beautiful than Secretary Su?
How is that comparable?
Humph
Su Mi's scholar is a sinking fish and falling geese
No one in the world is more beautiful than him
What's wrong, Mr. Fan?
It's nothing, I'm going out first
Ah!
What's wrong with this employee?
weird
You still want to compete with me